Q: Did you hear about the painter who was hospitalized?
A: Reports say it was due to too many strokes.

Q: Why did the robber take a bath?
A: Because he wanted to make a clean getaway.

Q: What happens if life gives you melons?
A: You’re dyslexic

Q: What did the blanket say to the bed?
A: Don’t worry, I’ve got you covered!

Q: Why should you take a pencil to bed?
A: To draw the curtains!

Q: What do you call a frozen dog?
A: A pupsicle.

Q. What did the tie say to the hat?
A. You go on ahead and I’ll hang around

Q: What washes up on very small beaches?
A: Microwaves!

Q: What goes through towns, up & over hills, but doesn’t move?
A: The road!

Q: Why did the cross-eyed teacher lose her job?
A: Because she couldn’t control her pupils

Q: What do you call someone who is afraid of Santa?
A: A Clausterphobic

Q: What three candies can you find in every school?
A: Nerds, DumDums, and Smarties.

Q: What stays in the corner and travels all over the world?
A: A stamp.

Q: What do you call a man with no body and just a nose?
A: Nobody nose.

Q: Why did the computer go to the doctor?
A: Because it had a virus!

Q: What do you call a computer that sings?
A: A-Dell

Q: Did you hear about the shampoo shortage in Jamaica?
A: It’s dread-full.

Q: How do you make a tissue dance?
A: Put a little boogey in it!

Q: Did you hear about the angry pancake?
A: He just flipped.

Q: What do prisoners use to call each other?
A: Cell phones.

Q: What do you call a cow with a twitch?
A: Beef Jerky.

Q: Why did the traffic light turn red?
A: You would too if you had to change in the middle of the street!

Q: What did one elevator say to the other elevator?
A: I think I’m coming down with something!

Q: What do you call a window that raps?
A: PANEZ

Q: “How do you shoot a killer bee?”
A: “With a bee-bee gun.”

Q: How do you drown a Hipster?
A: In the mainstream.

Q: What kind of jokes do you make in the shower?
A: Clean Jokes!

Q: What does a nosey pepper do?
A: Gets jalapeno business!

Q: What do you call a fake noodle?
A: An Impasta

Q: What do you call an alligator in a vest?
A: An Investigator

Q: Why did Johnny throw the clock out of the window?
A: Because he wanted to see time fly!

Q: When do you stop at green and go at red?
A: When you’re eating a watermelon!

Q: What did the tailor think of her new job?
A: It was sew-sew.

Q: What is an astronaut’s favorite place on a computer?
A: The Spacebar!

Q: What exam do young witches have to pass?
A: A spell-ing test!

Q: What do you call a sheep with no head and no legs?
A: A cloud!

Q: Which weighs more, a ton of feathers or a ton of bricks?
A: Neither, they both weigh a ton!

Q: Did you hear about the blonde who gave her cat a bath?
A: She still hasn’t gotten all the hair off her tongue.

Q: What has one horn and gives milk
A: A milk truck.

Q: What concert costs 25 cents?
A:  50 Cent featuring Nickleback.

Q: Can February March?
A: No. But April May.

Q: Why did the tree go to the dentist?
A: To get a root canal.

Q: Why is Basketball such a messy sport?
A: Because you dribble on the floor!

Q: How do you communicate with a fish?
A: Drop him a line!

Q: Where do sheep go to get haircuts?
A: To the Baa Baa shop!

Q: What kind of shoes do all spies wear?
A: Sneakers.

Q: Why did the soccer player bring string to the game?
A: So he could tie the score.

Q: Why is a baseball team similar to a muffin?
A: They both depend on the batter.

Q: How do you repair a broken tomato?
A: Tomato Paste!

Q: Why did the baby strawberry cry?
A: Because his parents were in a jam!

Q: What did the hamburger name his daughter?
A: Patty!

Q: Who can shave 10 times a day and still have a beard?
A: A barber.

Q: What do you call a horse that can’t lose a race?
A: Sherbet

Q: What do you call a dentist in the army?
A: A drill sergeant

Q: What do you get when you plant kisses?
A: Tu-lips (two-lips)

Q: What did the daddy chimney say to the baby chimney?
A: You are to little to smoke!

Q: What do you call a ghosts mom and dad?
A: Transparents

Q: What did Winnie The Pooh say to his agent?
A: Show me the honey!

Q: What did the man say to the wall?
A: One more crack like that and I’ll plaster ya!

Q: What do you get when you cross a fridge with a radio?
A: Cool Music.

Q: What do you get when you cross Sonic The Hedgehog and Curious George?
A:  Fast  Curious

Q: Did you hear about the hairdresser?
A: She dyed.

Q: What do you call a musician with problems?
A: a trebled man.

Q: What is the best day to go to the beach?
A: Sunday, of course!

Q: Which building is the largest?
A: The library, because it has the most stories.

Q: What do you call an illegally parked frog?
A: Toad.

Q: What do you call a very religious person that sleep walks?
A: A Roman Catholic

Q: Did you hear about the crab that went to the seafood disco?
A: He pulled a muscle

Q: Did you hear about the carrot detective?
A: He got to the root of every case.

Q: Why don’t skeletons fight each other?
A: They don’t have the guts.

Q: What do you call cheese that is not yours?
A: Nacho Cheese

Q: What streets do ghosts haunt?
A: Dead ends!

Q: What’s easy to get into but hard to get out of?
A: Trouble

Q: Why did the dinosaur cross the road?
A: Because the chicken joke wasn’t invented yet.

Q: What kind of lights did Noah use on the Ark?
A: Flood lights!

Q: Why did Goofy put a clock under his desk?
A: Because he wanted to work over-time!

Q: Do you know why diarrhea is hereditary?
A: Because it runs through your jeans. What would you do if I stole a kiss? Call the Police

Q: What do you call a South American girl who is always in a hurry?
A: Urgent Tina

Q: Why do birds fly south for the winter?
A: Its easier than walking!

Q: What kind of key opens a banana?
A: A monkey!

Q: Did you hear about the vampire bicycle that went round biting people’s arms off?
A: It was a vicious cycle.

Q: What do you call leftover aliens?
A: Extra Terrestrials.

Q: What’s taken before you get it?
A: Your picture.

Q: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup?
A: You can roast beef, but you cant pea soup!

Q: What happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish?
A: Every morning you’ll rise and shine!

Q: “What’s the difference between a guitar and a fish?”
A: “You can’t tuna fish.”

Q: What do you call a baby monkey?
A: A Chimp off the old block.

Q: What did the femur say to the patella?
A: I kneed you.

Q: Why did the picture go to jail?
A: Because it was framed.

Q: What do you call a three-footed aardvark?
A: A yardvark!

Q: What’s the first bet that most people make in their lives?
A: The alpha bet

Q. What do you get when you cross a cow and a duck?
A. Milk and quackers!

Q: How do you organize a space party?
A: You planet!

Q: Why do fish live in salt water?
A: Because pepper makes them sneeze!

Q: Why did the man put his money in the freezer?
A: He wanted cold hard cash!

Q: What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire?
A: Frostbite.

Q: What has one head, one foot and four legs?
A: A Bed

Q: What is the difference between a school teacher and a train?
A: The teacher says spit your gum out and the train says “chew chew chew”.

Q: Why did the birdie go to the hospital?
A: To get a tweetment.

Q: What did Delaware?
A: A New Jersey

Q: Why did Tony go out with a prune?
A: Because he couldn’t find a date!

Q: What did the little mountain say to the big mountain?
A: Hi Cliff!

Q: What do you call an s synth pop band with a scoop of ice cream?
A: Depeche a la Mode.

Q: Why do sea-gulls fly over the sea?
A: Because if they flew over the bay they would be bagels!

Q: What dog keeps the best time?
A: A watch dog.

Q: What did the penny say to the other penny?
A: We make perfect cents.

Q: Why did the man with one hand cross the road?
A: To get to the second hand shop.

Q: Why did the boy sprinkle sugar on his pillow before he went to sleep?
A: So he could have sweet dreams.

Q: What happens if life gives you melons?
A: Your dyslexic

Q: What did one raindrop say to the other?
A: My plop is bigger than your plop.

Q: Why did the balloon burst
A: Because is saw a lolly pop

Q: Which is the longest word in the dictionary?
A: “Smiles”, because there is a mile between each “s”!

Q: What happened to the wooden car with wooden wheels and wooden engine?
A: It wooden go!

Q: Which month do soldiers hate most?
A: The month of March!

Q: Whens the best time to go to the dentist?
A: Tooth-hurty

Q: What did one aspiring wig say to the other aspiring wig?
A: I wanna get a head!

Q: Did you hear about the paddle sale at the boat store?
A: It was quite an oar deal.

Q: What do you call a guy who never farts in public?
A: A private tutor.

Q: What do you call a bear with no socks on?
A: Bare-foot.

Q: What can you serve but never eat?
A: A volleyball.

Q: Why can’t a leopard hide?
A: Because he’s always spotted!

Q: What do you give a dog with a fever?
A: Mustard, its the best thing for a hot dog!

Q: What do you get when you cross a cat with a lemon?
A: A sour puss!

Q: What runs but can’t walk?
A: The faucet!

Q: What kind of bed does a mermaid sleep in?
A: A water bed!

Q: What kind of crackers do firemen like in their soup?
A: Firecrackers!

Q: Did you hear about the two bed bugs who met in the mattress?
A: They got married in the spring.

Q: Why do watermelons have fancy weddings?
A: Because they cantaloupe.

Q: Have you heard the joke about the butter?
A: I better not tell you, it might spread.

Q: What did the judge say to the dentist?
A: Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth.

Q: Why did the boy tiptoe past the medicine cabinet?
A: He didn’t want to wake the sleeping pills!

Q: What goes up when the rain comes down?
A: An umbrella.

Q: What sound do porcupines make when they kiss?
A: Ouch

Q: Why was the guy looking for fast food ON his friend?
A: Because his friend said dinner is ON me.

Q: Did you hear the joke about the roof?
A: Never mind, it’s over your head!

Q: What did the leopard say after eating his owner?
A: Man, that hit the “spot.”

Q: What do you call a sleeping bull?
A: A bulldozer!

Q: What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops?
A: Guardians of the Galaxy.

Q: What do you call a bee that lives in America?
A: USB

Q: How do you make a tissue dance?
A: Put a bogey in it.

Q: Why didn’t the skeleton go to the dance?
A: Because he had no-body to go with.

Q: How do crazy people go through the forest?
A: They take the psycho path.

Q: What does the Lone Ranger say when he takes out the garbage?
A: To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump.

Q: How many books can you put in an empty backpack?
A: One! After that its not empty!

Q: What kind of button won’t unbutton?
A: A bellybutton!

Q: Why does a milking stool have only  legs?
A: Because the cow has the utter.

Q: Did you hear about the monster with five legs?
A: His trousers fit him like a glove.

Q: Why don’t you see giraffes in elementary school?
A: Because they’re all in High School!

Q: How do baseball players stay cool?
A: They sit next to their fans.

Q: Why was the math book sad?
A: Because it had too many problems.

Q: What's the difference between a shoping trolley and a University vice chancellor?
A: You fill them both up with as much food and alcohol you can, but it's only the shopping
trolley that has a mind of its own.

Q. How do you catch a polar bear?
A. You cut a hole in the ice and you put peas all round the edge and when the polar bear
comes along and stops for a pea, you kick it in the ice hole.

Q: Why should you never iron a four leaf clover?
A: You should never press your luck!

Q: What's ET short for?
A: Because he's got little legs.

Q: What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison?
A: You can't wash your hands in a buffalo.